hi al Jimbo island from naki news
islands and we have a couple of goodies
to show you today and with two new
treasure tags and we also have the new
bluetooth MD 12 speaker from Nokia so I
will pick up the treasured hike mini
force to have a look around and take a
little tour of the box and this walks
for you
bluetooth obviously and in the box we
get the proximity sensor quick oeid
silicon strap and cr2016 battery and
it's mostly the box well presented and
as you can see there it's the W s 10 so
we'll pop this out we can have a look
there we go hope you get inside as a
strap the little user guide a little
battery which oh you'd be familiar with
these in Caroline it's for your key fob
sorry and the same point sizes them some
more instructions and the heart the tag
itself just quite small and you can see
not yet on the back of it there and
that's basically it there in short it's
just your fab key strap goes in here and
that's that next up we have the treasure
tied the force when that was announced
and that's the ws2 and this is a look at
the back of the box on him here would
operate six month time as the batteries
are given and you needed I also forgot
to mention you need to download the app
from the window star to treasure tied up
to make these walk on your Windows 8 of
voices so we'll take this apart a lot
bigger packaging in the last box
that's higher okay so we start the tag
itself and we already have a strap on it
there we have the Nakia sewn on the back
and on the bottom here I'm just to
compare them side-by-side it's half the
size almost and you also get this around
for it as well
have a look at out there which is just
cornea like that and give it some
protection we're moving on we have the
MD 12 Bluetooth speaker small and Kol
trails and this is policy very good this
walks boy NFC and under so it's easy
pair of NFC 15 hours playing voice cars
and walked with Lumia 640 and ladder
models so mid walk with our Loomis
really once the 8.1 comes in you'd be
fine so on the back here we have the
colors that it comes in and instructions
or whatever in different languages there
same again here you won't bother with
that so take this out and that's it
there rub around the bottom little
button here on top and for plugging in
here we have USB and socket there and
it's round it's quite heavy but also we
get inside two books three books with
instructions and what you need to do and
we also got a little USB cable here to
attach to whichever you want to attach
to so that's it for now we're gonna get
the set up and then we will have a guide
for you learn how to set them up which
other voice with the treasure tags
and at the end eat well speaker and stay
tuned for some more later on
thank you